Scenario - Gradebook:
Students on a course take three modules CW001, EX002, CE003. The modules have
different assessment patterns:
• The mark for CW001 is based only on the coursework, which consist of 3 homeworks
and a final project; the marks are weighed as 50% for homeworks (average mark) and
50% for the project.
• The mark for EX002 is based only on exam.
• - The mark for CE003 is based on a coursework, the average of 4 homeworks, and an
exam, weighed as 40% for the coursework and 60% for the exam.
All marks are entered as a percentage, integer values up to 100.

Task Description:
1. An abstract class Module, which has attributes name, status and final mark.
• name – to store the name of a module.
• status – corresponds to the assessment pattern for the module: 0 – coursework
only, 1 – exam only, 2 – coursework and exam.
• final mark – to store the final mark for the module in a range from 0 to 100
(allows decimal values).
The methods of the class should allow to set/get values of the attributes and to print
the final mark.
2. Three concrete classes: one for each type of the modules (corresponding to status
0,1, and 2), subclasses of Module. In addition to attributes specified in the super class,
these classes should have attributes for coursework marks, exams and the corresponding
weights (where applicable).
3. Class Student: to store information about a student: ID, First name. Surname, and
three modules as described in the scenario.
From Student class you should be able to access (set/get) attributes of an object and
all marks for the student; also it should have a printing method to print marks for all
modules or for a particular module.
4. Main class: where you create instances of all Modules, and an array of Students
instances, fill-in details of the students and their marks for every module, and print
out marks in a tabular form.
• For printing marks you need to prompt a user whether to print marks for a single
module (by name) or for all modules, in this case it is sufficient to print only the
final marks.
